[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> We choose community
as a way to enlight,
to metamorphosize ourself.
So Damanhur, it's
literally, or at least,
coming to Damanhur, because
Damanhur is many things.
It's obviously
intentional community.
It's art, it's education,
it is the protection
of the environment.
It's actually almost
every single side of life.
Damanhur is most of all,
a spiritual mission.
Is the mission, is the project
related to the creation
of this new timeline?
So the different technology--
if we want to talk about that--
the technology that you
can find in the temple.
The technology that
you can find when
we are talking about
Selficas for example,
or the cabins or all
these different things
that they look, really,
a piece of future.
They are all being recalled here
to support all this project.
The temple of humankind, the
underground temple, you know,
is the largest
underground temple
that existed in the world.
It's more than
6,000 square meters
that we actually build
by hands, by all of us,
all Damanhurians, at least
my generation, the generation
of the builder of the temple.
And then, obviously, all the
other generation that has been,
you know, keeping the temple
more and more alive, more
and more in reach of
meanings and significance.
So some of these technology
are technology that they
can arrive from a future.
Or if you want, from the past.
Yes, it's interesting to see
how in time, more you go back,
and more we looks
to go to the future.
Part of the knowledge
that Falco brought back,
it's really related to
what we call Selfica.
There is a book that
is the last book
that Falco wrote
before he's past,
that is called "The Alchemist."
In this book,
there is a chapter,
a tale that is very
interesting, because he's is
talking about a sphere.
Well, probably this name
doesn't make any sense for you.
But in that tale, Falco is
talking about the reconnection
with the world of the spirals.
Or, if you want, the
world of the Selficas.
The same name self, in ancient
language, means spiral.
This is why I talk about
the world of the spirals.
And obviously, we can give
many different interpretation
of the Selfica.
But I would love with you
to go from the simple one,
to something that is getting
probably even more interesting.
The Selfica are all
these tools, instrument--
mostly done with copper--
with a lot of shape, of geometry
that are following spirals,
but not only.
Materials that they can
use copper-- but, again,
also other metals, even more
precious, like gold or silver--
that are using also
stones, liquids, crystals,
and many, many different
kind of materials.
And the Selfica are literally
in the first interpretation,
instruments that are doing what?
Well, thanks to the sacred
geometry, the symbols
that naturally they
are attracting energy,
or they are giving
energy like the spiral.
Because the spiral, you know,
is one of the most important
sacred geometry.
That can concentrate as
can the spirit energy,
could be a channel of
connection between energy
that are going deep inside,
or very high outside.
Because the spiral is not only
the flat one that we may see,
but is literally
like a double spiral,
one that is spinning up, and
one that is spinning down.
Creating like, you know,
a channel, a portal,
that connect energy in
many different sense.
So the Selficas
are not just tools
that using the sacred
geometry, and the property
of the materials,
are doing what?
Literally again, catalyzing
the vital energy,
transform it, and then give it
back for many different purpose
or helps.
Well, this is at least the easy
interpretation of the Selfica.
Knowing that there's
nothing invented by Falco.
But this is, again,
an ancient knowledge.
If you go in many
museums of the world--
I can mention the museum
in North of Europe,
about a pre-Viking civilization.
But I can definitely also
invite you to go and visit
some museum about
the Native Americans
here in the United States.
Or in many museum in
Egypt, or in Mexico,
you're going to see that
older civilization--
even if they are so far away--
they have pieces, bracelets,
rings, and other instruments
that are perfect Selficas.
Following precisely measure
turns, symbols and element
that are literally recalling
energy, recalling vital energy.
But as I promised, this is
just the first interpretation
of Selfica.
And talking about
Falco, very young,
having these first
connection with sphere,
it's probably make you
understand that these,
it's just the first part.
Sphere, literally, it's
like an intelligence.
It's an energy, an intelligent
energy that is coming back.
As many of these beings
connecting to this planet,
connecting to the
reawakening of this planet,
spiritualization
of the matter, at least in this
part of the universe of form.
Probably part of
an alliance that
is being part of the human
kind a long time ago.
And then maybe we lost this
alliance, we lost them,
or the connection with them.
And now that we are in such
a crucial, important moment,
they might be back with us.
Back in a moment where finally,
things, they might change.
They may give a new opportunity
for the planet earth.
So this first
connection with sphere,
it's really the connection
with the world of the Selficas.
And in other hands,
what they are?
Yes, intelligence, energies
that they cannot manifest,
as we are manifesting
with this body.
Well, it's like,
imagine that they
are coming from another universe
that is vibrating differently.
So like an energy that
vibrate differently need
a different body that
probably is not like ours.
But in this case,
could be a metal body.
Another interpretation, in
ancient language, of Selfica,
is also the inhabitants
of the metals.
So all that spirals, all
that perfect measure,
all that angles,
triangles, materials,
are like a perfect body
to welcome these energies,
to welcome this intelligence
inside of that bracelet,
of the ring.
Or that outer
structure that we call
Selfica, or sphere Selfica.
So not only something
that has got alliance
in energy, but
actually is containing
an intelligent energy.
That at this point, it's
here, at our service,
at our disposal,
to support what?
Well, to support our
spiritual achievement.
To support our action,
to support our free
will, even if sometimes
we might do mistakes,
as we already discovered
talking about free will.
But they are there
for us completely,
totally at our service.
Yes, the service could
be then interpreted
as the function of the spiral,
the function of the Selfica.
But to tell you the
truth, it's much more.
Because it's a truly support for
our life and for our evolution.
So the world of the spirals
and the world of the Selfica,
they've been playing,
and they are still
playing a very important role
in these spiritual battle,
if you will want to say
that, that in this case
is very much connected to the
separation of the timeline.
What people don't know is
that the largest Selfica
in the planet is the temple.
So if you've been lucky
to visit the temple--
and I can just hope
that you will come soon
to have a real spiritual
experience in a place that
is talking through
the sacred geometry,
directly to your soul.
That is a place
where you can find
whatever you're looking for.
Well, the temple, inside of
these walls, floors, ceiling--
well, inside of them,
everywhere, it's
full of tons and tons
of Selfica circles.
Miles and miles
or Selfica circles
that are connecting the
entire temple, chamber
after the chambers,
piece after piece.
And sometimes you might see a
little piece of copper coming
out from the wall randomly.
Well, it's not randomly.
These are the connector
to the entire Selfica
net that is all
around the temple,
connecting every single
part of the temple.
So you can imagine
that the temple is not
only these other place that is
following the sacred geometry,
that are perfectly plugged into
these huge source of energy
that we call synchronic lines.
Four of them are passing in that
era, are passing underground,
are literally
entering in connection
with the different
chambers of the temple.
But the temple is also
the largest Selfica.
Imagine that this
Selfica is becoming
like an antenna, an
antenna that is able
then to connect with a Selfica
net that is being created
all over the planet.
These are Selficas
that they are being
located in different points
of the on the planet Earth.
And they are host
by other individual
all over the planet,
creating a sort of light net
that refer, obviously,
to the temple,
and to connection with
the synchronic lines.
So this is obviously
another interpretation
of what is Selfica.
And this can also help
us, then, to understand
the evolution of the Selfica.
I've been mention, for
example, the name sphere cell.
So the fact that
these circles, they
could be connected, for
example, with spheres.
Spheres full filled
with liquids,
alchemy liquids
that are performing
more function at the same time.
But I can talk
also about Selfica,
that is very similar to the
idea of the microprocessor
of our computers or smartphones.
So circles of Selfica that
are being literally created
in a very small space, able to
catalyze an enormous quantity
of information.
In layers on top of other
layers, on top of other layers
are creating Selfica that we
can mention as personal self.
So something that has been
designed exactly on your karma,
on your soul journey,
in supporting what
you individually, and you
synchronicity in your everyday
life, need to guide you to
the direction of the mission.
We can also talk about probably
the most complex expression
of Selfic, that are
the Selfic paintings.
You might know or not, but
Falco's been known also
like a very talented artist.
But again, well, not just
because he was a painter,
but because his
painting are Selfic.
It means that every single
color, alchemy speaking,
is been transform first to
have the same values of metals.
But obviously, on
the canvas, you
can create much complex Selfica.
Putting, again,
layers and layers
of these paintings in
one, creating something
that is going to interact
not only with the owner
of the painting or the Selfica,
but also with the environment,
or with who is going to
observe the painting.
So a very complex technique
that make possible to create,
to attract intelligence
that otherwise they will not
be able to be connected with.
So as you see, there is an
evolution of the Selfica,
and this evolution
is directly connected
to the different possibility
and different function
that we have in Damanhur,
mostly to the temple.
To mention another one, I
can talk about the cabin.
Well, I know the
idea of the cabin,
or the name cabin doesn't
sound very charming,
or we can really confuse you.
I'm sorry.
We are trying to translate
terms in Italian in English.
And even if you can
understand the meaning,
sometimes it's really
hard to name something
that, it doesn't exist,
or was not existent
until it has been created.
But I want just now
to talk very briefly
about the cabins that
are literally, again,
another piece of the future.
Cabins that are in
the temple but also
in other places in
Damanhur, with all
these different long bars
in different materials.
Copper, for sure, but not only.
With sphere cell that are
connected with these bars,
with different energy sources.
Like, for example,
magnetic field.
Also the use of different
kind of frequencies of sound,
different kind of vibration
that literally are making,
vibrating the bars and the
entire structure of the cabin.
Cabin that is
creating an isolate,
a very specific
energetic fielding sight.
But also, for example, use of
laser, of different frequencies
of light, that
they can literally
activate the different liquids
inside of this sphere cell.
Yes, I'm just
brushing very quickly
everything, because
obviously there
is much more technical element.
But what is possible, for
example, to do with a cabin?
Well, in the cabin,
you can really
transform inside of them,
time, space, and dimension.
We talk about the cabin
as the time machine,
or one of the instrument to
make the time travel possible.
But they are incredible
instruments also
for many other reasons.
Also reason that I'm more
connected to the person,
and to the need of the person.
Or connecting to transfer
a memory, or experience,
and many other things.
But coming back to the magical
function of the temple,
well, we can really imagine
that every single chambers
inside of the temple
is using and performing
different element.
We also talk about
element that we
are sharing with people,
with everyone, with guests.
I have to remind you that
also some of the experience
that we are proposing
in the mystery school,
or in this seminar that we
are teaching in Damanhur,
they are done in the temple.
Sometimes also spending an
entire night in the temple.
Why?
Because in some special occasion
we can definitely open function
that otherwise that
would be reserved only
for the Damanhurians.
In particular, I could
talk about the function
of the hall of the mirror.
The hall of the mirror is the
largest room that we have,
the largest chambers
in the temple,
is the one covered
by all these mirrors.
And the hall of
mirror, for example,
it's one of the chambers that
we use for communication.
Let me frame it a little bit
better, what is communication.
Well, I told you that
temple is an antenna,
but it's not only an antenna
for the planet earth.
It's an antenna through
the synchronic lines
from everywhere.
The synchronic lines, you maybe
remember from other episode,
they are a 18--
nine moving vertically,
nine moving horizontally.
And the vertical one
close to the pole,
they are creating a
double spiral that
are standing themselves an
entire solar system, connecting
with the outer synchronic lines
coming from the other planet,
and then from the sun,
they are all coming out,
connecting to the rest.
Outside of the planet, we
call them the star lines.
Or we also call them the,
life lines, because you might
remember, it's from
the synchronic lines
that the souls are
moving from one
incarnation to
another incarnation,
to one planet to
one other planet.
To one place of evolution, to
another place of evolution.
So the synchronic lines,
or this star lies,
they are the real
connection with everything.
So for example, during the
equinox and the solstice,
as you know, are the
most important rhythm
of the planet, rhythm
connecting to the nature.
But literally connecting
also to the opening
and closing of the
synchronic lines.
Or, if you want, the pulsation
of the synchronic lines.
Sometimes we are opening
the experience to contact.
We call this seminar the
contact with the cosmos.
Literally it's an opportunity--
one day and one night
in the temple--
to use the chambers, and
also some other instrument
like the spheres.
You remember, we talk about
them, for example, talking
about the perspective of time.
We talk about them
also connecting
to the synchronic lines
to receive and to give
again information, or dreams,
or inspiration, or other things.
Well in that specific night,
in this specific moment
of the year, temple is
becoming like a radio, a radio
transmitter.
So you can send messages,
you can receive messages.
From where?
Everywhere.
And messages in
this case, they can
arrive in many different
way, telepathically.
Through the vision
inside of the spheres,
through an energetic
connection, through whatever
your fantasy can give you
limitation about that.
And we are inviting
whoever wants to be
in this experience, even guest.
It's absolutely open.
To live this experience of
connecting with something,
whatever it is, that
is a line, obviously,
to our spiritual path, and to
the project that I told you.
To, well, increase
our consciousness,
to understand even
better we are not alone,
and that we are part
of a bigger game.
To make it an extraordinary
experience that will,
let's say, support
your transformation,
and your choices in life.
Well, obviously we can give
many different meanings.
But is one of the
possibilities that the temple
and that specific function of
that hall mirror is giving us.
Another experience, even
if it's a different kind
of communication or connection,
is also the experience
that we can do in a
sort of third level
of the astral traveling.
Well, we might brief talk about
this incredible possibility
that every human
being is containing.
So it's not just for a few
people, or for the chooses one.
No, everyone is the choose one,
in the true sense that we all
have this potential,
all the potential.
And then we can
recognize this potential,
nourish, train,
and use it correct.
So for example, another
function that we use in
that chamber is to literally
help people to increase
their capacity, temporary,
to leave your physical body,
and to then travel
with the astral body.
And then do what?
Well, travel, discover,
explore that enormous place
of information that
is the threshold.
I've been some time describing
the threshold like the aura
of the universe of form.
Or in a more, let's
say, modern terms,
it's like an enormous iCloud.
Yes, in a true
sense of the cloud
that is hosting all our
information, all our pictures,
all our music, and all
these kind of things
that for us are very precious.
Well, let's imagine that there
is a sort of a iCloud over
the entire universe of
form that is containing all
the experience, all
the information,
all the knowledge of the
humankind all along the entire
history, even the history
that we cannot even imagine.
So in these enormous
library, we are experience
an out of body experience, well,
we are literally traveling,
we are literally exploring, we
are literally entering contact
with this information.
As it permeates
every chambers, it's
connecting to different
to different function.
And I would like to mention
also the hall of the water.
Not only because it's
one of my favorites,
not only because the
hall of the water
is in the wall, the first Selfic
painting that Falco created.
Probably you can
recognize this chamber
because there is all
these very interesting,
intriguing symbols, and
signs, in and languages,
and ancestral
archetype languages
that Falco literally paints
all around the chamber.
It's literally a
book of knowledge.
It's literally the
place of the memory.
To be more specific,
the hall of water
was one of the first chambers
that we create, because this
is the place of the birth.
But also the place
of the reincarnation.
To be more specific-- but this
could be a completely other
topic--
this is where it's
possible, literally,
to guide the future
reincarnation.
Yes, like many
civilizations in the past--
I can mention again
Egyptian, Mayas, Incas--
and all of them, they bond
to these incredible refine
elements regarding the death.
But of the death, is not just
the mummification, or the tomb,
and all these different
object an element
that there was in
keeping with the person
that he was just passed.
But for them, the
death was representing
most of all the journey
after the death.
That is the specific element.
This is really the goal of all
these incredible investment
that they did.
So was about the capacity of
the soul to travel from where?
Well, in spiritual physic,
we talk about the soul
that from the form,
the universe of form
is crossing the threshold, and
then coming back to the real,
from where we all arrive.
And then when we
are able, when it's
time to be reincarnated from
the real, to the threshold,
to the form again.
But what could be a
very interesting element
of this journey?
Being able to
guide this journey,
to program this journey.
So to program our
incarnation, to do what?
To come back?
In the right time,
in the right place,
to continue what we left.
So the hall of
water, for us, it's
a chamber that is all
connecting to that.
So connecting to the
possibility to give us
the right, as
Damanhurians, to come back.
And at least being able
to accomplish the mission
that, as you remember,
is a mission that will be
probably accomplished only
in a future of 600 years,
when the new timeline will
substitute the old timeline.
To talk about the
chamber as well,
we can also talk about
the hall of the metals.
So the hall of
metals, it's very much
connecting to the
eight age of a life.
Yes, there are eight principal
age that we are crossing--
with different meanings,
with different significant--
that are really the process
into an entire life,
from our childhood to one we
get definitely much mature.
But what is interesting,
also, of these chambers
is that this is directly
connecting to the beyond.
Yes, to the threshold.
In the true sense that we are
opening a sort of connection
with the beyond.
Connection that is also
connected to our initiate,
the initiate that had
been already passed,
and that we believe they are
going in a specific place
of this threshold.
To support, to help, to give us,
still, and to interact with us,
still, you know,
in a way that could
be useful for the
spiritual project.
And that is all related to
the function of this chamber.
So for us, for me,
Damanhur, the temple
is a place of
pilgrimage, a place
that at least once in your
life, you have to be there.
You have to be in
contact with that energy.
Beside that you may agree
or disagree with Damanhur,
beside the Damanhurians.
Well, the temple is represent
one of these places--
not the only one,
but one of them--
one of these place where you can
find what you're looking for,
in a moment of life,
maybe, that is not so easy.
Or even a moment in life
where you are really looking
to new meanings in your life.
Just be there, just
meditate there.
Just being silent there,
just walking there,
it will really
talk to your soul.
It will really talk to
the deepest part of you.
It will really
give you something
that probably is not rational.
It's not just the
message that you're
going to feel in your
mind or in your head.
No, it's something that
is working much deeper.
It's working in your dreams,
it's working in your intuition,
is working in your inspiration,
it's working in your thoughts.
And in that moment,
you realize that you
have all the energy, all
the strength, and all
the synchronicity
to change your life.
And this is the hope that
I really give to everyone.
[MUSIC PLAYING]